okay so we just arrived in this hotel in
Belgrade and guess what we got a free
upgrade and we're gonna be living in two
rooms which is super exciting and also I
like this thing like they have my name
on the TV which makes me feel special
and they have a coffee machine and this
is me a nice window
they also giving this pill sprays for
better sleep so you spray it on your
pillow and you're probably sleep better
but I don't know
we'll see I just love the space I love
this morning design and I like the fact
that I'm going to be spending the next
four days here super excited I'm super
excited about Serbia and I'll see you
soon
okay guys this conference is while a lot
of work I just finished my meetings for
today and they're basically three days
and right now I am heading to dinner and
here my makeup and we're gonna have
dinner on a terrace is anyone looking at
me right now from Serbia I really like
Serbia it's a really nice place and I
like that we're gonna have links with
Russia because the language is really
similar and I know you have a lot of
Russian companies and I know that
Russian government is kind of donating
money to Serbian some hi Serbian and
yeah we're going to go to some
terrorists to have dinner and then two
more days tomorrow I'm presenting with a
panel is my first panel discussion ever
I'm kind of nervous and on Friday I have
my own workshop and then on Saturday I
just have a free day so what's happening
there this is basically when I see
outside my hotel room pretty much Soviet
Union like st. Petersburg this is Morten
and this is not so I think their people
are more willing to trust and but it's
very important you know do we have this
bar to that part of the open and of
course it's all the reviews it's all
refused
Georgio 'but if you reset we built the
platform for people like me who don't
want to pay extra money to agents who
can do their own research and you know
seeing a person like them traveling and
experiencing what they going to
experience it means building that trust
and over a year we've been on the market
since April 2015
okay guys you're probably wondering how
does five-star hotel suite room looks
like and since we got a free upgrade I'm
gonna make a small video about this
hotel not like hotel in particular but
about a room because I'm always
interested like how hotel rooms look
like so here's the room we have two
separate rooms and this is like a
sitting room like a living room we have
a TV we have mini kitchen and they
provide free coffee free tea free water
free chocolate free whatever and there
is minibar but I actually don't really
use many bars anymore because I think
it's overpriced and you can just go
outside and buy whatever you want but if
you feel too thirsty or want to drink
alcohol then many bars for you what I
like about this hotel it's really
minimalistic so I like minimalistic
walls like different colors but
everything is super Morden super new oh
by the way yesterday I want to go pro
there was a draw by Canadian tourism
department and I want to go pro
headphones and these nice mittens and
there is a coffee machine really nice
they provide coffee everyday and then
here's the view of what I like about
this room about this hotel is that we
have windows all over the place there's
a window there as well and yes here's
the bedroom everything the way I like
big bed with a lot of pillows
I'll show you here's my clothes and this
is me hello
I'm actually reading your comments guys
thank you so much for saying that my
youtube helps you as she what you won
like fast exams or get into universities
pass TOEFL that's amazing like every day
I would scroll through comments thank
you so much
and here's the TV and here's bathroom
what I like about this bathroom is again
it's minimalistic and while I like
minimalistic design because of that that
is going to pile up in two days and if
you're missing something your design and
you think well if you for example
refurbishing your apartment and you
think oh this is all gray this is all
beige I want something like bright
details
believe me bright details will join you
in like 12 hours happens to me all the
time so they have shower and free
bathrobes and here's the toilet and it's
behind the door so if you're
particularly stinky you get locked there
and so bathrobes that was pretty much it
oh you know Russians like to take those
back home as souvenirs so if you're
Russian or you know if you like
complimentary hotel stuff souvenirs so
here you go they provide loads of them
and something that's that makes this
hotel different as they provide things
that help you to sleep like different
sprays and different aroma things and
they really help you to get to bed
quicker and there is also an elevator to
spa and I use this by yesterday
and I would say guys it's amazing I went
for a massage everything is so cheap in
Serbia compared to other countries and
yes so here's my room